add list of supported webhook events (#552)
Dwolla/dev-portal: pages/api-reference/connect/webhook-subscriptions/index.mdx

|      7       |               24 h                |                  48 h                   |
|      8       |               24 h                |                  72 h                   |

### List of Webhook Events

> The following list contains all supported events that can trigger a webhook notification to be sent using Dwolla Connect. New events may be added in the future, so be sure to check back on our [changelog](https://developers.dwolla.com/changelog) often. We also recommend subscribing to developer/product related updates to stay informed about the latest changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list contains all supported events that can trigger a webhook notification to be sent using Dwolla Connect. New events may be added in the future, so be sure to check back on our [changelog](/changelog) often. We also recommend subscribing to developer/product related updates to stay informed about the latest changes.
```

#### Funding Sources

| Event Topic Name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | funding_source:created                | **Description:** A funding source was added to a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create a funding source for an account](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/create-for-account) endpoint, or when a funding source is added via a third party bank verification method. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| funding_source:created                | **Description:** A funding source was added to a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create a funding source for an account](/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/create-for-account) endpoint, or when a funding source is added via a third party bank verification method. |
```

Author: Good catch! @ShreyaThapa  Are you good with keeping these as absolute URLs vs. relative URLs? Absolute URLs are more reliable, SEO friendly, and work better with LLMs

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha. That’s good insight! Then that sounds good to me! Let’s keep the absolute URLs.

Thanks!

> | funding_source:removed                | **Description:** A funding source was removed from a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Remove a funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/remove) endpoint.                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| funding_source:removed                | **Description:** A funding source was removed from a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Remove a funding source](/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/remove) endpoint.                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | external_party.funding_source:created | **Description:** A funding source was added to an External Party.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create a funding source for an external party](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/create-for-external-party) endpoint, or when a funding source is added via a third party bank verification method.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| external_party.funding_source:created | **Description:** A funding source was added to an External Party.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create a funding source for an external party](/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/create-for-external-party) endpoint, or when a funding source is added via a third party bank verification method.                                                           |
```

> | external_party.funding_source:removed | **Description:** A funding source was removed from a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Remove a funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/remove) endpoint.                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: | external_party.funding_source:removed | **Description:** A funding source was removed from a main Dwolla Account.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Remove a funding source](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/remove) endpoint. |
```suggestion
| external_party.funding_source:removed | **Description:** A funding source was removed from an External Party.<br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Remove a funding source](/api-reference/connect/funding-sources/remove) endpoint.                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

#### External Parties

| Event Topic Name       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | external_party:created | **Description:** An external party was created. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create an external party](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/external-parties/create) endpoint. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| external_party:created | **Description:** An external party was created. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Create an external party](/api-reference/connect/external-parties/create) endpoint. |
```

#### Transfers

| Event Topic Name   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | transfer:created   | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was created between a main Dwolla Account and an External Party. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Initiate a transfer](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference/connect/transfers/initiate) endpoint when sending funds between a main Dwolla Account and an External Party.                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transfer:created   | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was created between a main Dwolla Account and an External Party. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs upon a POST request to the [Initiate a transfer](/api-reference/connect/transfers/initiate) endpoint when sending funds between a main Dwolla Account and an External Party.                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | transfer:pending   | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from created to pending. A pending status represents submission to a Financial Institution for processing. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs immediately following the transfer.created event when a transaction is submitted for processing.                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transfer:pending   | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from created to pending. A pending status represents submission to a Financial Institution for processing. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs immediately following the transfer:created event when a transaction is submitted for processing.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | transfer:processed | **Description:** **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from pending to processed. A processed status represents completed processing with the Financial Institution. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs when the transfer is expected to be successful based on the designated processing time.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transfer:processed | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from pending to processed. A processed status represents completed processing with the Financial Institution. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs when the transfer is expected to be successful based on the designated processing time.                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | transfer:failed    | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from pending to failed. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs after a transfer.pending event when a transaction fails to be submitted for processing. Additional details are available in an embedded `failureReason` object when retrieving a transfer.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Modified the description a bit, since the transfer is `submitted` but it failed processing.

```suggestion
| transfer:failed    | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated from pending to failed. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs after a transfer:pending event when a transaction fails processing after being submitted to the Financial Institution. Additional details are available in an embedded `failureReason` object when retrieving a transfer.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | transfer:returned  | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated to returned. A returned status represents an ACH debit/credit transfer that has been returned by the RDFI. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs after a transfer has been submitted for processing by a Financial Institution following a transfer.pending or transfer.processed event when an ACH return has been issued by an RDFI. Additional details are available in an embedded `failureReason` object when retrieving a transfer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| transfer:returned  | **Description:** An account-to-account transfer was updated to returned. A returned status represents an ACH debit/credit transfer that has been returned by the RDFI. <br /> **Timing:** Occurs after a transfer has been submitted for processing by a Financial Institution following a transfer:pending or transfer:processed event when an ACH return has been issued by an RDFI. Additional details are available in an embedded `failureReason` object when retrieving a transfer. |
```
